Thank you very much. This is amazing. I did not know that. I knew I was doing well but I did not know that. And I ave been a member for a long time and my boys are members and they are much better shooters than I am. They know more about guns than any – I don at know there might be two or three people in this room but believe it or not, not many. So to get the endorsement, believe me, is a fantastic honor. And I just said to Wayne and I just said to Chris I will not let you down. Remember that, I will not let you down. And you know, I wrote a few remarks and I am actually going to read them because we are going into a little detail but I will tell you that Hillary Clinton – and you know, I call her Crooked Hillary because all you have to do is read any newspaper you want. But Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment. Just remember that. We are not talking about changing. She wants to abolish the Second Amendment. ABOUT CONTACT TRANSCRIPTS SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Search 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 1 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-1/ 2/3 So we are not going to let that happen, I can tell you that right now. We are going to preserve it. We are going to cherish it. We are going to take care of it. Okay? You know, they keep chipping away. They talk about the magazines. They talk about the bullets. We are going to take care of it. You know, a couple of things before I give you some more detailed remarks. I feel really happy with what as going on. You know, the Fox poll came out three days ago and in the Fox poll I am leading Hillary 41 to 44. 44. And last night, Rasmussen, which is a highly respected poll, came out – Trump 42, Crooked Hillary Clinton 37. So we are doing well. Now, with all that, we have a long way to go. But if you get every one of your friends to go vote because there as a big difference – you know, on a lot of things there as a difference and some are subtle, some are big. And by the way, we are in Kentucky. We are going to put the miners back to work before I forget about that. We are going to put the miners – we just left and I also won Kentucky so I love Kentucky. I used to work in Cincinnati. For two summers, I worked in Cincinnati doing a job with my father. And I loved Cincinnati and I ad come over the line and I ad be in Kentucky. You ad be surprise how much I know about Kentucky. But it as an amazing place. But I said when I won New York, because we won New York in a landslide, and then Pennsylvania and Maryland and we won everything. We were winning everything. We won Connecticut, Delaware, Rhode Island. And then we went to West Virginia and boy did I win. Did we do well in West Virginia? Wow. But all landslides. We won in all of the states I mentioned and more – every single county in every single state. That as called a victory. And we won by massive percentages in the 60s and some in the 70s. And then of course we went to Indiana. As you know, that was going to be – that was going to be the firewall for the other side. And it turned out to be a massive victory for us again. It didn at hurt that Bobby Knight came out and said “I want Trump to win.” That didn at hurt. If you are in Indiana and Bobby Knight endorses you, I guess that as about as good as it gets. So I just want to say that I ave been watching what as going on and I ave been looking at airplanes getting blown up in the air and lots of bad things happening. It as just not the same. Archives Archives Select Month TAGS Affordable Care Act Bernie Sanders California Congress Defense Department Democratic Democratic Party Democrats Donald Trump economic interests economic recovery economy election election 2012 election 2014 election 2016 Florida foreign policy GOP government spending health care Hillary Clinton 1 View Left 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 1 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-1/ 3/3 And we are going to bring it back and we are going to bring it back to a real place where we don at have to be so frightened, where we don at have to be so afraid. And you know what as happening in the schools and you know what as happening everywhere. We are going to bring it back and you folks are going to be so happy and you are going to be so proud of your country again. Just remember. Bernie Sanders, who I am sure you all love, he did say one thing that was very interesting. He said that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be the president of the United States. And he said that and it as just you know one of those things.

He said she suffers from bad judgment and she does. You look at so many of her decisions have been bad. So I think we are going to do really, really well and I look forward to it. And I actually look very forward to the debates. I ave loved the debates…I ave never debated before and all of a sudden we have all these debates and that was a big question mark in my mind. How will I do in debates? I am debating people that were on their national debating teams and all of these top debaters. But they ave never had people interrupting them every other word they are saying – “You are a liar”, “You are a liar” – they are trying to speak and they can at speak. You would have done the same. I know a lot of you in the audience you would have done the same. And I just want to give this and I want to really – it as so important to me. I wrote it down. ABOUT CONTACT TRANSCRIPTS SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Search 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 2 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-2/ 2/4 And again, my sons have been members of the NRA for many, many years, and they are incredible. They have so many rifles and so many guns sometimes even I get a little bit concerned. I say that as a lot. Okay? But I will tell you they are – they know so much about it. Really, they are surrogates. They go around and speak. And every time they speak to a gun organization or a club, people call me and they say “Your boys are great boys and boy do they know their business.” So, it as one of those things and it as the way we want it. And you know, I ave mentioned so often we talk about Paris or we talk about San Bernardino and nobody had guns. You know, Paris is probably in the world the toughest place to have a gun. The toughest. France, generally, but Paris in particular. And when these thugs walked in – thugs. You know, the press used to call them “masterminds”. “They are masterminds we are looking” – that as why people are joining. That as why people are coming in because you are using the word “mastermind”. Not mastermind – thugs. In fact, I call them the guy with the dirty cap. Remember the white cap? And it was filthy dirty. This was the “mastermind”. And actually, the press has stopped using the term. They are very dishonest people. Among the most dishonest I ave ever met but they actually stopped using the term “mastermind” because they use that term and then they wonder why our youth is going and fighting for ISIS. They don at even know what they are fighting for. But I think it as gotten a lot better from that standpoint. But if you look at Paris, 130 people killed, hundreds of people still in the hospital. Just horribly wounded. Can never be the same. Horribly wounded. And these guys came in – boom! Boom! Boom! You over here – boom! And they just stood there and just shot everybody. No guns in the other side, folks. If you would have had guns on the other side, if I took a couple of these folks in here – some especially wearing the red caps – Make America Great Again – I promise there wouldn at have been 130 people killed and hundreds of people lying in the hospital to this day. It might not have happened because if they knew there were guns in the room, it might have happened. But if it did, you would have had bullets going in the opposite direction and believe me, the carnage would not have been the same by any stretch of the imagination. And I tell the same story on San Bernardino. Here is two people. I guess she radicalized him. Who knows? Who knows? It as a mess. Archives Archives Select Month TAGS Affordable Care Act Bernie Sanders California Congress Defense Department Democratic Democratic Party Democrats Donald Trump economic interests economic recovery economy election election 2012 election 2014 election 2016 Florida foreign policy GOP government spending health care Hillary Clinton 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 2 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-2/ 3/4 We are in a mess folks. A mess. Radical Islamic terrorism. We have a president doesn at mention the words, doesn at want to talk about it, and if you don at want to talk about it, you are never going to solve a very big problem and we are talking a worldwide problem. We are not talking here. We are not talking Kentucky. We are talking all over the world this is a problem, and we have a president doesn at want to mention the name. You have San Bernardino – 14 people. They worked with these two. They worked with them. They gave them a baby shower. They had a baby. The people they worked with gave them a baby shower. They walked in. No guns on the other side. They had the guns and they killed 14 people. Many wounded. Many in the hospital to this day. But they wounded many. But they killed 14 of their co-workers, and the co-workers thought they were friends. So there as something going on. Now, I all tell you again, same story. If we had guns in the other side, it wouldn at have been that way. I would have boom! If we had guns on the other side, it wouldn at have been that way. And then you have gun-free zones. The gun-free zones. That as real. We had a case, you know, about a year and a half ago. It was the first I really heard of this where you had the five military people – great people – one was a master marksman – a master with anything he touched having to do with guns, weapons, anything he touched. And they were told – this was on a military base, folks, on a military base. They were told put your guns away. These are soldiers. These are people that are representing us. These were the top of the line. These were five great brave incredible soldiers.

“Put your guns away”. So their guns are locked up, put in a different area of the place, and this whack job walks in and starts shooting them. Killed all five of them. Gun-free zones. We are getting rid of gun-free zones. Okay? I could tell you. We are getting rid of them. That wasn at part of my speech. I must be honest with you. I don at know. I don at know. Maybe I shouldn at read you what I have here but – In fact, if I would have known teleprompters I would have used them. I started to use them a little bit. They are not bad. You never get yourself in trouble when you use a teleprompter. You know, the problem is it as too easy. We have a president who uses teleprompters. It as too easy. ABOUT CONTACT TRANSCRIPTS SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Search 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 3 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-3/ 2/4 We should have non-teleprompter speeches only when you are running for president. You find out about people… So, the Second Amendment is under a threat like never before. Crooked Hillary Clinton is the most anti-gun, anti-Second Amendment candidate ever to run for office and as I said before she wants to abolish the Second Amendment. She wants to take your guns away. She wants to abolish it. Just remember that. The NRA and the late hero – he was a great guy – Charlton Heston, who many of you knew. I met him a few times. He was an incredible guy. Did battle with the Clintons to protect our Second Amendment. The NRA has led the fight time and time again to protect our fundamental freedom. This is an amazing group…These are incredible people and they really – this isn at like a job. They really, really believe. And we are all lucky to have people like that. I will tell you. Really lucky. Of course, if they didn at endorse me, maybe I wouldn at say that. I would. Hillary Clinton wants to reverse the Supreme Court decision D.C. v. Heller upholding the right to keep and bear arms. Hillary said the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment. That as bad. That as like what she said about the miners – “We are going to put the miners and the mines out of business.” Then she goes – right? Then she goes to – oh, I all tell you, West Virginia. How were they? I ad hate to say I won Kentucky but I won West Virginia by even more. I really – but of course she made that statement after I had already won Kentucky. We are going to win them all. We are going to win them all. We are going to win them all. If Hillary gets to appoint her judges, this is really important. Look, defense is number one. We have to protect our country. Defense. Economy is all important. Everything is important. But without defense, we don at have a country. And our military, as you know, is being decapitated. What they are doing to our military is incredible. I saw over the weekend a documentary on our great airmen. And these are people that are flying our jets and they are running out of parts for our fighter jets. And these are fighter pilots. These are incredible men. And they are going to junk yards – plane grave yards they call them where the planes are. They are grave yards where the old planes – and they are taking parts off. They are cannibalizing the planes. They are taking parts off the planes and they are putting them onto the jets. And I am saying, “Is this the United States? Why don at we have new equipment?” Archives Archives Select Month TAGS Affordable Care Act Bernie Sanders California Congress Defense Department Democratic Democratic Party Democrats Donald Trump economic interests economic recovery economy election election 2012 election 2014 election 2016 Florida foreign policy GOP government spending health care Hillary Clinton 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 3 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-3/ 3/4 And a man got up – a great guy – looks as good or better than Tom Cruise, and you know what I am talking about because that was a great movie. And he said, “You know what? I ave been in this for 20 years and it used to be so incredible. And now it as like a different world. The equipment, the way it as being maintained, everything. It as like a different world.” And I just have to say, just to interrupt what I am going to be talking about, I have to say we are going to make our military bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and nobody – nobody – is going to push us around. Nobody. Nobody. And by the way, as part of that, we are going to take care of our great veterans. And I have to tell you the proper way. The proper way.

If Hillary gets to appoint her judges, you know, one of the biggest and most important reasons to win this time – it as very unusual. Sometimes you get no judges to appoint. Sometimes you go for years and there as no judges. Probably there all be a minimum – you have Scalia who was one of the greats. Well, his position as up. Great. He was great. But you have Scalia so you have one before you even start. Assuming and I am sure that Mitch [McConnell] and the guys are going to be able to hold out. I have no doubt about it because we don at want anybody taking that slot. But you have Scalia and you all probably have three – it could be four and it could even be five judges. So I think in terms of presidential – and we are talking about a four-year period. And of course, we tend to be there for eight years. But we all make it so good in four that you all probably say, “You don at need to do it any longer, Mr. President.” But I can at stress in any stronger fashion whoever the next president is going to appoint from three to five judges. ABOUT CONTACT TRANSCRIPTS SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Search 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 4 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-4/ 2/3 And if it as Hillary or whoever, assuming she as allowed to run because you know what? What she did with her emails is so criminal and so dishonest, is so shocking that she shouldn at be allowed to run but it looks like they are going to let her run. And that as okay with me because really I do want to run against her. I have to be honest with you. So if she gets to appoint her judges, she will as part of it abolish the Second Amendment and I have to say that would be in my opinion that as what she as going to go for and it as a little like what she did with the coal miners. She said about, you know, she as going to put the coal miners, she as going to put the mines out of business. Then she went to West Virginia and she said, “Well, I ad try to retract.” You know, she tried to retract it. It didn at work out too well for her. She got really beaten badly. Hillary wants to disarm vulnerable Americans in high crime neighborhoods. Whether it as a young single mom in Florida or a grandmother in Ohio, Hillary wants them to be defenseless, wants to take away any chance they have of survival. And by the way, you have men and you have women sitting in an apartment and outside is tremendous crime – tremendous crime of all kinds – and they need to be protected and you know the only way they are going to be able to protect themselves. And if you take away that gun from them, it as going to be very unfair situation. And that as why we are going to call her Heartless Hillary. We can do without that. Somehow I like crooked Hillary better. I put forth and you probably saw it a few days ago, I put forth a list of judges who will protect and defend all of our freedoms, including the Second Amendment. The judges will follow the Constitution and these were all highly vetted – the Federalist Society, Heritage, some great references from Jeff Sessions – a fantastic man, from Mitch and from a whole group of people. And we put down 11. I all be adding some additional names over a period of the next month or so sometime prior to the convention. I hope you can all go to the convention. I hope you can come. And we are going to be putting some additional names and I think you are going to be very happy with them. But it as been reviewed incredibly well. People love these people. And I ad though I do that because I really think it brings the party together. It really is going – I mean the effect it as had is incredible because they weren at sure. Will Trump appoint this one or that one? Who will the judges be? Such an important thing. So I put together the list with some incredibly important organizations that are highly respected and everybody as really happy. You ave seen we ave got A-plus reviews on that. Now, I ad like to call for Hillary Clinton to put together a list also. Okay? Let her put together a list because I ad like to see what that list consists of. And you will see it as day and night and it will not be Archives Archives Select Month TAGS Affordable Care Act Bernie Sanders California Congress Defense Department Democratic Democratic Party Democrats Donald Trump economic interests economic recovery economy election election 2012 election 2014 election 2016 Florida foreign policy GOP government spending health care Hillary Clinton 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 4 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-4/ 3/3 good for the people in this room. And it won at be good by the way for the people of our country, most importantly. So, Americans use guns to defend themselves against violent crime more than a million times a year. More than a million times a year. And they want to take them away. Heartless hypocrites like the Clintons want to take this and they want to get rid of guns. And yet, they have body guards that have guns. So I think that in addition to calling for them to name judges, we all also call them and let their body guards immediately disarm. Okay? Now, they should immediately disarm and let as see how good they do. Let as see how they feel walking around without their guns on their body guards. In the meantime, nobody else can have the guns. Right?

President Obama tried to take the guns from law-abiding Americans but has reduced prosecutions of violent criminals who use guns. President Obama is even releasing violent criminals from the jails, including drug dealers and those with gun crimes, and they are being let go by the thousands – by the thousands. Many of these are also I am sure you are not going to be surprised to hear this illegal immigrants. President Obama pushed for changes to sentencing laws that released thousands of dangerous drug trafficking felons and gang members who prey on civilians. Now, I want to tell you, I ave really learned a lot about the border. In fact, two weeks ago, you probably saw 16,500 border patrol agents endorsed Donald Trump. And we ave gotten great endorsements. To have the endorsement from NRA today and to have the endorsement from the border ABOUT CONTACT TRANSCRIPTS SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Search 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 5 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-5/ 2/4 patrol agents. And I was talking to them – these are wonderful people that want to do their job. That as why they are endorsing me. They could just sort of – you know, they are told to stand back, don at do it. They want to do their job. These are incredible people. It as the first time they ave ever endorsed a presidential candidate and 16,500 so I am really honored by that. This is Hillary Clinton as agenda too – to release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released. She wants people released that you wouldn at want to walk on the street with, you wouldn at want to look at. And you know, whether it as Kate from San Francisco, you see what happened there or Jamiel – I ave become great friends with his father. Jamiel was shot in the face three times by somebody that wasn at supposed to be here. Or and I always say this because this was tragic – a 65 year old veteran, a woman who was a great woman, raped, sodomized, and killed by an illegal immigrant who wasn at supposed to be here. We are going to straighten it out. And by the way, this doesn at have to do with guns per se but may it has to do with a lot of other things. We are going to build a wall. It as going to be a great wall. We are going to have borders again. People are going to come into the country but they are coming into the country legally, folks. They are coming in legally. We are going to keep our borders open. And I all tell you, but they are going to be open when people come in legally. Now, Hillary wants to just keep them open – anybody can come across and that as what as been happening and the crime is violent and a lot. And lots of other things are happening with the drugs pouring across. So she as putting the most vulnerable Americans in jeopardy. And this is a risk we can no longer afford. We ave had enough. I think we ave had enough. Wouldn at you say we ave had like – In trying to overturn the Second Amendment, Hillary Clinton is telling everyone and every women living in a dangerous community that she doesn at have the right to defend herself. So you have a woman living in a community – a rough community, a bad community – “Sorry, you can at defend yourself.” That is so unfair and that is so egregious. And I all tell what, my poll numbers with women are starting to go up. I never thought of it. This should really lift them up, right? Starting to go up. I will say my poll numbers with the men are through the roof. But I like women more than men. Come on, women. Let as go. Come on. And those people know that about me. Most people know. This is the most basic human right of all but Hillary wants to strip it away and strip it away from women and all others. Archives Archives Select Month TAGS Affordable Care Act Bernie Sanders California Congress Defense Department Democratic Democratic Party Democrats Donald Trump economic interests economic recovery economy election election 2012 election 2014 election 2016 Florida foreign policy GOP government spending health care Hillary Clinton 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 5 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-5/ 3/4 Hillary Clinton will release violent criminals from jail more so than even Obama. She has a more open policy than Obama if that as possible and put innocent Americans at risk. I am going to put criminal behind bars and guarantee that lawabiding Americans have the right to self defense 100%. There are 13 million right to carry permit holders in the United States. I happen to be one of them. In the past – nobody knows that. Boy, would I surprise somebody if they hit Trump. If I wasn at surrounded by like the largest group of Secret Service people, who by the way are fantastic people and our police are fantastic, fantastic people, we have to give a standing ovation to our police. We have to. They are fantastic people. Amazing. They do such a great job. They are so unfairly treated. But they know and they know how the people feel about them. Thank you. That as great. In the past 30 years, the number of right to carry states has gone up seven fold. These are among the most law-abiding folks statistically in the entire country. So they have the right to carry. They are among the most – you know, they do statistics on everything. Right? Everything. And these are among the most – and in fact, they are like at the top of the list.

In Florida, for example, they ave issued more than 3 million concealed carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked. That as 0.006%. So very, very few and just no difficulty. Hillary wants to go into the opposite direction. She said that President Obama didn at go far enough when he executed this order when he signed this order. He as not going far enough. He as gone so far. He as gone too far. We are going to stop it. And we will un-sign lots of different things, including some of those terrible executive orders. Believe me, they are going to be un-signed so fast they all be un-signed the first hour that I am in office, in the first hour that I am in office. Hillary as pledge to issue new anti-gun executive orders. You know that. This is the behavior, you could say, of a dictator. This is the behavior of somebody frankly I think that doesn at know what she as doing. She as not equipped to be president in so many different ways. ABOUT CONTACT TRANSCRIPTS SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Search 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 6 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-6/ 2/4 But this is the thinking of a person that is not equipped to be the president of the United States. Believe me. She doesn at understand it. Bad judgment. We talk about it. She as got bad judgment. You know where it came from. Came from me. It also came from her current opponent, who as doing pretty well. I all tell you, you talk about a rigged system. He wins every week and he keeps losing. I think Bernie should run as an independent, okay? Let him run. I do. I would love him to run as an independent. Then it would be the three of us on stage. I love that. The Second Amendment is on the ballot in November. The only way to save our Second Amendment is to vote for a person that you all know named Donald Trump. Okay? I will tell you. I will never let you down. I will protect our Second Amendment. I will protect our country. Our military will be strong. Our border will be enforced. We all get rid of Common Core, which is a disaster. We all bring education local. So important. Our education is a mess. We are going to get rid of Obamacare. We are going to have a great, great plan as a substitute. Obamacare is out of control. The new cost, as you know, they are going to be revealed on Nov. 1st. They are going to be through the roof. And by the way, don at let this happen. We all have to speak to Mitch. Obama is trying to get it delayed until after the election. The new costs will be revealed on Nov. 1st unless he gets it changed and we don at want that to happen. There will be so astronomical and it will show what a total failure and disaster Obamacare is. We will repeal it and we will replace it with something great. Okay? Believe me. We are going to have strong borders and we are going to make the greatest trade deals every country worldwide, every country in the world is ripping off our great country like we are children. Like taking candy from a baby. Our trade deals will be renegotiated. We won at be having trade deficits of $500 billion a year with China anymore folks. They won at be taking our jobs out of here and Kentucky and lots of other places, every place. They won at be taking our jobs and bringing them into Mexico like with Nabisco where they leave Chicago, moving to Mexico and so many other countries. Companies – Carrier. You take a look at Carrier Air Conditioning. Just left Indiana. They are leaving Indiana. They are moving to Mexico. That as not happening with me. Because when they make their air conditioners and they sell them across our now very strong border, believe me, they are going to pay a tax and they are Archives Archives Select Month TAGS Affordable Care Act Bernie Sanders California Congress Defense Department Democratic Democratic Party Democrats Donald Trump economic interests economic recovery economy election election 2012 election 2014 election 2016 Florida foreign policy GOP government spending health care Hillary Clinton 1/7/2017 Transcript: Donald Trump as speech at the NRA Leadership Forum - Part 6 | What The Folly?! http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/05/30/transcript-donald-trumps-speech-at-the-nra-leadership-forum-part-6/ 3/4 going to say, “We are not going to move to Mexico anymore.” It as so simple. It as so simple. So we are going to have great trade agreements. We are going to become a strong nation again. We are going to save our Social Security. We are going to save our Medicare. We are going to be so proud of this country. You are going to be proud of your president. But I don at care about that. You are going to be proud of your country again. And we are going to start winning again because we don at win anymore. We don at win on trade. We don at win with the military. We can at beat ISIS. Believe me, we are going to knock the hell out of ISIS. We have no choice. We are going to knock the hell out of ISIS. So we are going to start winning again and I have fun saying it and I say it a lot but there as nothing better. And some of you have heard it but we are going to win, win, win. We are going to win with military. We are going to win at the borders. We are going to win with trade. We are going to win at everything. And some of you are friends and you are going to call and you are going to say, “Mr. President, please we can at take it anymore. We can at win anymore like this. Mr. President, you are driving us crazy. You are winning too much. Please, Mr. President. Not so much.” And I am going to say, “I am sorry. We are going to keep winning because we are going to make America great again!” Thank you! We love you. Thank you! Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Kentucky. Thank you, everybody!

